docs(docs): added testing website locally instructions (#3124)
lucide-icons/lucide: CONTRIBUTING.md

The lucide.dev website is using [vitepress](https://vitepress.dev/) to generate the static website. The markdown files are located in the docs directory.

#### Testing VitePress Website Locally

To test your VitePress website locally, follow these steps:
1. **Navigate to docs**
    ```sh
    cd docs
    ```

> 2. **Start the Local Development Server**

Reviewer: Don't you need to run the build:something script as well?

The lucide.dev website is using [vitepress](https://vitepress.dev/) to generate the static website. The markdown files are located in the docs directory.

> #### Testing VitePress Website Locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Running the Docs Website Locally
```

> To test your VitePress website locally, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test the docs website locally, follow these steps:
```

1. **Install dependencies (if not already done)**
    ```sh
    pnpm install
    ```

> 2. **Run build**

Reviewer 2: This step can be deleted. This is not needed

    ```sh
    npm run build
    ```

> 3. **Navigate to docs**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Navigate to the docs directory**
```
